David Johnston

Allston, Massachusetts 02143

Telephone: (617) 744-9137

dave.nella@gmail.com 

40 Hooker Street

Objective

To attain a full time position with a company in need of my excellent computer 

skills and unique work experience that has room for growth. 

Work Experience 

Consultant/Services Support

4/2008 – Present: Experis contract for Hewlett-Packard

   Salary: $35K a year

 In April 2008, Comsys (now Experis) in Waltham, MA contracted me to 

serve as a consultant for Hewlett-Packard’s Global Partner Learning 

program (now called ExpertOne).  Global Partner Learning was in the 

process of migrating their courseware from an older Cert-Pro system to a 

more modern content management system, Saba Centra.  During this 

migration, I managed and supported older content while importing it for use 

in the new system, imported the logic for their certifications into Saba, and 

created new courses according to a release timeline.  In October of 2008, 

my contract was renewed in a help desk/administration capacity. Today, I 

continue to support ExpertOne by publishing new courseware, 

troubleshooting for both administrators and learners, assigning and 

managing privileges for instructors at Authorized Training Centers, and am 

currently involved in the planning and implementation of our new LMS.

Database Maintenance/Data Entry

  3/2008 – 4/2008: Boston Plan for Excellence 

  Salary: $12 an hour

 Beginning in March I started working at Boston Plan for Excellence 

assisting with their FAST-R standardized testing Mid-Year Assessment.  My 

duties included the entry of student and test data into Microsoft Access and 

the creation of reports based on this data in Microsoft Excel.

Carpenter/Farmhand/Driver/General Skilled Labor

9/2007 – 1/2008 The Thibeault Family/Charlie Frost/Bill Half: Woodbury, VT

Salary: $2000 a month plus expenses.

· In September I was given an opportunity to put carpentry skills and farm 

experience obtained in my youth to work building and organizing a farm in 

Vermont.  The Thibeault Family has 200 undeveloped acres of land with a 

large country cottage built on it.  I worked under the supervision of Charlie 

Frost.  

They needed many repairs done to the house, along with the clearing of 

land, building of barns and other shelters, and gathering of firewood for the 

winter.  This work also necessitates the maintenance and occasional 

minor repair of trucks, tractors, chainsaws, and other farm machinery.  In 

addition to this, I also worked at Harvest Hill Organic Vegetable Farm for 

Bill Half assisting in the harvest, delivery, and sale of his crop during 

Vermont's brief harvest season.

Shipping/Receiving/Driver

4/2007 – 9/2007 Newbury Comics Executive Offices: Brighton, MA

Salary: $14.00 an hour.

· In April, I was offered a job at the Newbury Comics Warehouse in Brighton.  

I hired in as a shipping/receiving clerk.  My responsibilities for shipping 

included the sorting of merchandise coming from other parts of the 

warehouse by store order and making sure they were shipped to the 

correct store, loading our driver's vans, and making sure I was meeting my 

speed and accuracy expectations.  For receiving, I unloaded any product 

being delivered, made sure it matched up with the bill of lading, processed 

it into the computer, and made sure everything went to its respective 

departments.  As time went by the company assisted me in obtaining my 

driver's license from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and I was 

trained as a van driver.  My responsibilities as a driver included the safe 

and timely delivery of product to Newbury's outlying stores, assisting the 

store employees with the delivery, maintaining mileage and service 

records on the vans, as well as keeping up with my own time on the road.  

In addition to these specific job functions, I was also expected to complete 

various projects for the office and warehouse as needed.

Module Processing

1/2007 – 4/2007 Mellon Financial: Everett, MA

Salary: $12.75 an hour.

· From the first of 2007 until April I worked as a module processor on the third 

shift at Mellon Financial.  My responsibilities there included the timely 

opening of bill payments sent from our customers and processing them 

into the system for application to the proper accounts, and doing so within 

a predetermined work quota.  I left in April to take an opportunity with 

Newbury Comics due to the work schedule.

Data Processing/Sales Fulfillment

11/2006 - 12/2006  The Learning Annex: Boston, MA

Salary: $11.00 an hour

· The Learning Annex held their first Boston Real Estate and Wealth Expo on 

December 2nd and 3rd, with notable speakers Robert Kiyosaki, Tony Robbins, 

and Donald Trump.  I was hired on to assist in data processing, but then it was 

thought I was outgoing enough to assist in sales as well.  In sales, I informed 

customers about the product the speaker was selling, answered questions, and 

processed their credit card information.  Data processing consisted of entering 

in the customer's personal and credit card information to insure accurate billing 

and shipping. 

Service Dispatcher/Office Administrator

11/2004 - 8/2006  Best Beverage Equipment Service: Jacksonville, AR

Salary: $20k base salary, plus bonuses.

· This company installed and serviced commercial beverage and kitchen 

equipment.  As dispatcher, I was responsible for taking work orders from 

customers, scheduling the technician's day, insuring all equipment, tools, and 

parts were available, and keeping an accurate inventory of parts and 

equipment.  As we were a third party service company, I also acted as a liaison 

between the customer requesting the service and the location receiving the 

service.  As an Office Administrator, I was responsible for keeping up with the 

technicians' sick, personal, and vacation leave, maintaining computer systems, 

preparing presentations for new customers and other administrative duties as 

necessary.  During the time I was there I set up a fax server using the HylaFAX 

software package and GNU/Debian Linux thus eliminating the need for a fax 

machine, set up a database for work orders and inventory using MySQL, and 

interfaced all of this to work with their Windows XP personal computers for ease 

of use.  However, as the company began to downsize its service area they 

found they no longer could afford to keep a full time dispatcher on their payroll. 

Transcription

4/2003 - 6/2005  Flake Wilkerson Corporate Research Center: North Little Rock, 

Arkansas

Salary: $11.00 an hour

· I hired in at Flake Wilkerson as a research interviewer conducting customer 

service surveys for SBC Communications over the telephone, but after about 3 

months I took a better paying position in the transcription department.  In the 

transcription department my job was to listen to the recorded surveys and type 

them, correcting grammar and diction when necessary as well as observing a 

strict work quota.  Around November I was offered an opportunity at Best 

Beverage Equipment Service and stayed on part time at Flake Wilkerson, but 

eventually left to accept a full time position with Best Beverage. 

   Cash Office Clerk

10/1997 - 4/2002  Wal-Mart Supercenter: Cabot, Arkansas

Salary: $10.00 an hour

I was hired at Wal-Mart for setup when the store first opened, then worked as an 

electronics clerk.  I was cross trained on the front registers, service desk, and 

layaway.  After about a year and a half of working for Wal-Mart I was promoted to 

the cash office.  My duties in the cash office included counting cash register bags, 

preparing bank deposits, encoding checks, maintaining the change fund, and 

calling customers with returned checks for collection. 

Education 

8/1999 - 5/2003  Arkansas State University: Beebe, AR

· Associates of Liberal Arts obtained.

    

    8/1994 – 5/1998 Cabot High School: Cabot, AR

· High school diploma obtained. 

Skills 

· Data Entry at or over 10,000 ksph.     

· Typing at or over 70 wpm.     

· Proficient with the Microsoft Office software suite and all Windows versions.

· Experience working in and creating pages with Microsoft SharePoint 

services.

· Working knowledge of Adobe Photoshop 6.0 and up.

· Working knowledge of BSD, Linux, and most other standard UNIX versions.

· Working knowledge of C/C++, PERL, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and Python

· Experience with modern content management systems, both as a user and 

as an administrator. 

References

Available upon request.